[documentation] video API documentation and wrapper (#2778)
pytorch/vision: docs/source/io.rst

.. autofunction:: write_video

> Low-level video API

Reviewer: Do you think we should call it low-level? For me it's more like a fine-grained API, although low-level could be ok, it might also look like we wouldn't encourage using it.

-------------------

In addition to the :mod:`read_video` function, we provide a high-performance 

> low-level API for more fine-grained control compared to the old API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
low-level API for more fine-grained control compared to the `read_video` function.
```
I would not call this by "new" / "old" APIs in the documentation, as they won't be "new" anymore in the next release and we will probably forget to update this.

We expose it to users using TORCHBIND C++ registration, and allow users

> to access it via :mod:`torch.classes` import or via :mod:`torchvision.io`. For example

Reviewer: This is an implementation detail, and I would only mention that it supports torchscript.

I would not mention that it is exposed via `torch.classes` neither, as it's confusing and, again, and implementation detail.

.. autoclass:: Video
    :members: next, get_metadata, set_current_stream, seek

Example of usage:

.. code:: python

    import torch
    import torchvision
    video_path = "path to a test video"
    # Constructor allocates memory and a threaded decoder
    # instance per video. At the momet it takes two arguments:
    # path to the video file, and a wanted stream.
    
    reader = torch.classes.torchvision.Video(video_path, "video")

>     # equivalently, on could call

Reviewer: Let's remove this, we don't want to advertise this via `torch.classes`, the same way we don't advertise `nms` via `torch.ops.torchvision.nms`
